PG ban how are we doing today how are
you John how are you doing today how are
you I forgot to tell you I have a
present for you I don't think that
you're gonna eat it okay so I just went
to a meeting with my homies at anchor
and I brought you a shirt
I'm actually really soft
yeah is that a large this is actually a
large okay this upset that guys create
cool audio from your phone internet you
know this sounds like this is a page
it's not but do you know the colors no I
like the colors oh I immediately I
honestly like immediately thought of the
shirt that you're wearing today it's
like look as a purple you guys don't
know John does clothing stuff so that's
what you've been grinding away Oh crazy
what's the most challenging thing about
making designs and troops the idea is
for the the idea that doing something
different it's really easy to replicate
things and like smell things ups
essentially would be well and it's like
likely to create your own thing
completely and just hope it as well
that's our part so my parents are
officially gone they have left on York
City guys you just you didn't like them
right haze' they're the worst yes
they're they're awesome had so much fun
but I had a conversation with my mom
that lasted a very long time I put a
clip of it in a recent video but there
were so much more to the discussion so I
want to show that for today's video
thank you guys so much for hanging out
with me in the past you know week it's
been a lot of like personal stuff the
boy in town the family in town I have
enjoyed so much sharing that part of my
life and if you're new around here I do
a plethora of things you know I'll do
some palagi stuff but some days might
just be straight up travel tech a it
could be anything it could be anything
so thank you for subscribing but without
further ado here is my mom and me who
have been single for the most of my life
talking about relationships
anything embarrassing that you can offer
to this doomed and barely had general or
embarrassing stories about me as a youth
your first place okay conversions first
boyfriend next oh my gosh that wasn't
even a real oh my gosh here's some
inside scoop you guys look personal
stuff so here's here's the the curve or
the graph of me caring about boys and
painted kid in you can like started here
and then it just went like that as I
realized that there are more important
things in life but I was boy cream yeah
I was a tomboy but I was also the tomboy
because holy crap I get to have you
around more news all the time I hate to
play football with that's also one of
the reasons why I bought my first penny
board because I was like all these cute
guys are skating around I don't learn
how to skate so I can hang with the road
but I remember how upset you were when
max found out that you loved him and you
didn't love you bad and I mean literally
I pictured from school that day and you
cried orexin 11 it was my name I loved
him so I was like stay where you can
just be friend thinking like if I didn't
want to be very much do so that was my
kindergarten love yeah he was cute
though you have the big blue behind yeah
I am
so tragic but then you grow up middle
school high school you realise hopefully
most of you realize that there are more
important things during those very key
development years of your life than
worrying about the opposite side yeah
you don't it can be a disruption during
the years when that are so crucial to
like why do them on you on finding out
what you like what you don't like um and
I think in hindsight I guess I can say
that because there were times were like
I'm just I'm going to die alone being
like a junior in high school and seeing
everyone go and do their
and have like oh she go she romances and
going to college and like meeting
someone that might be a thing but when
you realize like I don't want to waste
my tail on this like there's a class
that you didn't coming do you don't to
be where you are today no yeah actually
because I so laser focused on what I
wanted and that doesn't mean that me
laser focusing on basketball on music
was eventually what I was going to do
but that enabled me to figure out what I
didn't like sooner yeah and it expedited
signing my passion because so many
people will give you advice of like
after you find your passion this is what
you should do but so many people are
like hold on how do you find your
passion and it's literally like trying
trying trying working working working
figuring out trying different things
yeah trying different things during out
what you don't like and what and like
adding a second person so that can make
it more complicated but it's special
when you find someone that's like on the
same page as you
with like it's going to be the same with
that person you don't want that but on
when they're on the same page with
things that like matter I think that's
when it's not a distraction but it's
like the catalyst yeah and relationships
are going to be more successful if
you're more mature so it's good to later
so you're a little bit more in sugar
don't you think this is true yeah
there's a lot of things that can go
wrong with high school
yeah you know maybe if you can avoid
this and like adding the high school
drama into it it just gets so you do you
booth and for the rest of my half of the
audience that's like mid-20s
good luck on tinder Thanks so know what
to say be careful right here hold it
Thanks I met your dad when we were about
24 we've both been out of school did we
didn't go to school together with both
in our school right at least a year and
a half so when you reach the age of 24
were you freaking out no I think here
okay everybody I knew was married I
don't care I really didn't
I encourage reading 24 like I have it's
not like well but 30 years ago there was
a big deal not everyone's get everybody
18 well yeah well really my generation
everyone got married I got engaged our
senior year of college and then they got
married right out of college the guy I
was dating in college and dated for
three years today although it was a
three early huh for the guy's mustache
yeah yeah at the end of that I mean he
went out and bought me an engagement
ring but I knew he was not the person I
would write and risk my life with so
right at the end of my college career I
actually broke up with him and moved
back home but I would rather be with
someone I mean I'd rather not be with
someone to be with some women and he was
right you know to me so he speaks the
truth you guys taking notes yeah are you
taking notes so I just got a job indeed
Alison you did you did me you stay in
your lane but you're like okay yeah I
can like look around every now and then
yeah but it's like I told you before too
I was never that girl is a little girl
who dreams really dreamy already and
yeah I never dreamed of getting married
or a wedding or having children not that
I didn't love those things I just would
obsess with this right because so many
people are just then I think I'm not in
their app and it has
I know how are you obsess over it more
you have these standards and like you
try to paint your a picture of your
future it might end up completely
different which isn't a bad thing but
you might build up something in your
head so that you can't enjoy what you're
at Roger it well if you have this like
we are saying as well and you might miss
what you're really supposed to do
because you've already figured out in
head what you think it should be that
makes sense and so you just keep your
head of blank space like it'd be stupid
just be well as the face of the wicked
website uh the brain was it's painless
to be brainless yeah yeah we went in
Saul wick isn't he do we want pain which
is really good enough yeah there you go
relationship advice okay mom I miss you
I can't wait to visit soon maybe
hopefully let me know if you liked this
video hit the like button for genie
she's the best she's the bomb.com get
that subscribe button down below for new
videos every single Monday through
Friday until next time guys stay cheap
[Music]
okay bye
you
[Music]